Create initial structure in the project. (#3)
jakartaee/query: spec/README.adoc

> = Jakarta Data Specification
> 
> This module contains AsciiDoc sources and configuration to generate Jakarta Data documentation in HTML and PDF formats for both Apache License 2 and Jakarta Eclipse Foundation Specification Process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Jakarta Query Specification

This module contains AsciiDoc sources and configuration to generate the Jakarta Query specification in HTML and PDF formats for both Apache License 2 and Jakarta Eclipse Foundation Specification Process.
```

== Generating the Documentation

=== Prerequisites:

* JDK 17+

> * Maven 3.0.5+

Reviewer 2: That cannot be true.
```
[ERROR] Failed to execute goal org.asciidoctor:asciidoctor-maven-plugin:3.2.0:process-asciidoc (generate-pdf-doc) on project jakarta.query-spec: The plugin org.asciidoctor:asciidoctor-maven-plugin:3.2.0 requires Maven version 3.8.8
```
